A Few Short, First Words

It’s Friday morning, I’ve got a warm cup of coffee, and I’ve decided to take a few minutes to write a few short, first words to kick off my blogging experience.

I’d first like to welcome everyone that might be reading.  This is actually my first blog, and is more of a pet experiment to become more ingrained with both the digital world around me, and a place to offload the variety of thoughts and experiences I’m involved in on a daily basis.  I’m not 100% sure of where this blog might take me, but I hope that at least one person can take something useful or thought provoking from it, and it becomes a place for me to grow as a person as well.

Maybe a few words about myself before I keep you reading too long.  Developer, Tech Junkie, Connoisseur of All Fine Things, Outdoors Wannabe, Do’er, Achiever are only the few words that only scratch the surface of who I am.

I’m a newly graduated undergrad student from CSBSJU, with a degree in Computer Science.  I actually graduated a semester ahead of most students, and with that, I decided to make a venture into the real world as many people call it (although I intend to return to academia sometime in the future, I enjoy school and learning too much to stay away).  I’m currently working at Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota as a Software Developer, which mainly focuses on developing and maintaining J2EE web applications and also developing a Microsoft Access application, which has actually consumed most of my work time.  BCBS is a humble beginning, and we’ll see where and what happens while I’m here (I’m a little hopeful that there are going to be some big shakeups and changes coming within the company as we are seeing so many changes around healthcare, and that I’ll become involved in some larger projects rather than just developing an Access app).

Outside of work is where I really like to be.  I do a fair amount of development work on the side, from making my own mobile cross-platform game (be on the look out, release on iOS and Android is coming soon!).  I’m also working on a few projects for a online healthcare education company producing mobile applications for a lot of their hit online software.  It keeps me busy, especially using the different platforms to develop these applications (I’m currently using Cocos2dx for my game and Appcelerator Titanium to develop the education applications.)  Keeping up with new technology, especially in this hybrid mobile space, has been a fun adventure and keeps me coming up with new ideas and way to manipulate the technology day in and day out.  And now I’ve got a website (andrewzurn.com) and blog to keep up with too (you could say I like to stay busy).

Stick around and I’ll be more than likely sharing the things I’m working on, the tools I’m using, things I’ve found interesting, news, highlights from my life, and more.  If you want to get in contact with me, head over here.

Well, my cup of coffee seems to have reached it’s end.  I’ll leave you to hopefully a wonderful friday, and from there hopefully a wonderful weekend as well!