Drag, Drop, Innovate And Share

Between the rapid growth of the internet, and the increasing support of open sourcing software, we’re now experiencing an era of openly available solutions to many of the problems and tasks that would more than likely take weeks to months to build your own solution for. This doesn’t only apply to software development, but we’re able to find answers to almost any problem that we are experiencing.

Want to build a new website or give some loving to a site from the stone age?

Bootstrap make that more than easy, and finding a wealth of awesome looking templates is as easy as a Google search.  Dragging and dropping a bootstrap template into you website provides a elegantly simple solution to getting your new website up and running in a snap (Check out my new site, which is recently got a face-lift using one of those free bootstrap templates, and shared here on Github).

It doesn’t end there, however!  This can be seen outside the development world as well. Do-it-yourself’s have become widely popular, especially on areas like Youtube and even Pinterest.

Want to build a canoe? You got it.

Open Source Furniture!

Hell, soon enough you’ll be able to build your own ‘open source’ electric car! Thanks Tesla!

The bottom line, the internet and the sharing and opening of ideas and technologies now allows us to build bigger, better, and greater technology a lot faster than ever before, because we no longer need to reinvent the wheel.  A simple Google search brings a wealth of knowledge to you in milliseconds, and gives you the freedom to advance upon the ideas and work already done by others. Even further, turning around and sharing your contributions allows other people to go and make even more brilliant and exciting innovations.

We’re now at a point with technology where open solutions are beginning to become plug-and-play; where creating something new means beginning with half of your skyskrapper built, and you must simply finding the rest of the pieces to get you to the top. It’s a game of drag, drop, innovate and share!