This Developer’s Christmas

It’s that time of the year again, where all the major tech industry conferences begin to make big waves, shock and awe a lot of loyalists (especially those Apple fanboys) and bring big new and exciting things to those of us who love the hack and tinker with all things technology. So begins the confectious season of the developer conference.

Microsoft’s Build and TechEd, Apple’s WWDC, Google I/O (the big shots), along with a handful of other developer conferences (insert given webframeowork + con here) are all getting set to impress, as we are starting to see the battle for developer market share begin. And almost everything that has been unveiled so far in these conferences has been BIG, pushed huge boundaries, and are giving developers the first new looks at where the tech industry is headed in the coming year (and I have to say so myself, it looks fantastical).

Microsoft, during their Build and TechEd conferences made some major headway in reinventing themselves by open-sourcing their ASP.NET framework, and also opening up their new ‘Rosyln‘ compiler to to open source world as well.

Apple, opening of their conference, WWDC, just yesterday made some major announcements as well.  OSX 10.10, named ‘Yosemite‘, and iOS 8 is bringing the world of interconnected personal and cloud devices to a new realm.  Even more so, Apple made an even grander leap forward by introducing their new programming language, ‘Swift‘, that revolutionizes the way development for iOS and Mac devices is done (no more worrying about pointers and obsessively long and spaghetti Obj-C code, YAY!)  Although a lot of entrenched iOS and Mac developers believe they got the sucker punched with this announcement by Apple, it’s my opinion that it’s bringing development on Apple platforms forward into the 21 century, where ‘Swift’ is now competitive against higher level languages like C# and Java. Don’t you worry though, you Apple fanatics, Objective-C won’t be going away anytime soon, Apple won’t just switch the light off on you, just yet.

What will Google I/O bring?  Who knows, but with the home runs that have been happening over the last month, I’m sure Google will not fail to make it out of the park as well. (On a side note, did you see their new car?)

It’s Christmas in June, and in the words of Scott Hanselman, “it’s a great time to be a programmer.” (also a wonderful blog on how great technology is right now, read it!)